Hi, welcome to Speech Notes.
In this short video, we'll see how easy it is to transcribe audio and video recordings local on your device or anywhere, including TikTok, YouTube, Instagram, Axe, Twitter and more.
Once signed in, click the Upload button.
Select Files to upload or paste the links to online recordings.
Select the language of the recording and the number of speakers.
Click Transcribe.
In just a few minutes, your results will be ready.
Once ready, you can view the results, edit them and download in different formats.
Different speakers show in different colors to easily differentiate.
Use it to transcribe meetings, interviews, movies, lectures, podcasts, phone calls.